com/example/namazreminder/models/WidgetType.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.WidgetType
com/example/namazreminder/utilities/MuezzinAPI.java
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$1
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$2
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$3
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$4
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$OnCitiesDownloadedListener
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$OnCountriesDownloadedListener
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$OnDistrictsDownloadedListener
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.MuezzinAPI$OnPrayerTimesDownloadedListener
com/example/namazreminder/models/PrayerTimesOfDay.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.PrayerTimesOfDay
 com.example.namazreminder.models.PrayerTimesOfDay$1
 com.example.namazreminder.models.PrayerTimesOfDay$InvalidPrayerTimesOfDayJsonException
com/example/namazreminder/adapters/viewholders/CityViewHolder.java
 com.example.namazreminder.adapters.viewholders.CityViewHolder
com/example/namazreminder/models/District.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.District
 com.example.namazreminder.models.District$1
 com.example.namazreminder.models.District$InvalidDistrictJsonException
com/example/namazreminder/activities/preferences/ReminderPreferencesActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.preferences.ReminderPreferencesActivity
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/StatefulFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.StatefulFragment
com/example/namazreminder/activities/preferences/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.preferences.PreferencesActivity
com/example/namazreminder/adapters/CountriesAdapter.java
 com.example.namazreminder.adapters.CountriesAdapter
com/example/namazreminder/models/PrayerTimeType.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.PrayerTimeType
com/example/namazreminder/models/PrayerTimeReminder.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.PrayerTimeReminder
com/example/namazreminder/utilities/LocaleUtils.java
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.LocaleUtils
com/example/namazreminder/activities/PrayerTimesActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.PrayerTimesActivity
com/example/namazreminder/services/PrayerTimeReminderService.java
 com.example.namazreminder.services.PrayerTimeReminderService
com/example/namazreminder/services/WidgetUpdaterService.java
 com.example.namazreminder.services.WidgetUpdaterService
 com.example.namazreminder.services.WidgetUpdaterService$1
com/example/namazreminder/adapters/CitiesAdapter.java
 com.example.namazreminder.adapters.CitiesAdapter
com/example/namazreminder/database/Database.java
 com.example.namazreminder.database.Database
 com.example.namazreminder.database.Database$CityTable
 com.example.namazreminder.database.Database$CountryTable
 com.example.namazreminder.database.Database$DistrictTable
 com.example.namazreminder.database.Database$PrayerTimesTable
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/preferences/ReminderPreferencesFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.preferences.ReminderPreferencesFragment
com/example/namazreminder/utilities/Pref.java
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.Pref
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.Pref$Application
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.Pref$Places
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.Pref$Reminders
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/CitySelectionFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.CitySelectionFragment
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.CitySelectionFragment$OnCitySelectedListener
com/example/namazreminder/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.namazreminder.BuildConfig
com/example/namazreminder/broadcastreceivers/BootCompletedBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.example.namazreminder.broadcastreceivers.BootCompletedBroadcastReceiver
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/CountrySelectionFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.CountrySelectionFragment
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.CountrySelectionFragment$OnCountrySelectedListener
com/example/namazreminder/broadcastreceivers/PrayerTimeReminderBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.example.namazreminder.broadcastreceivers.PrayerTimeReminderBroadcastReceiver
com/example/namazreminder/activities/PlaceSelectionActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.PlaceSelectionActivity
com/example/namazreminder/adapters/DistrictsAdapter.java
 com.example.namazreminder.adapters.DistrictsAdapter
com/example/namazreminder/adapters/viewholders/DistrictViewHolder.java
 com.example.namazreminder.adapters.viewholders.DistrictViewHolder
com/example/namazreminder/widgetproviders/PrayerTimesHorizontalWidget.java
 com.example.namazreminder.widgetproviders.PrayerTimesHorizontalWidget
com/example/namazreminder/utilities/RemainingTime.java
 com.example.namazreminder.utilities.RemainingTime
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/DistrictSelectionFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.DistrictSelectionFragment
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.DistrictSelectionFragment$OnDistrictSelectedListener
com/example/namazreminder/models/Country.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.Country
 com.example.namazreminder.models.Country$1
 com.example.namazreminder.models.Country$InvalidCountryJsonException
com/example/namazreminder/services/PrayerTimesUpdaterService.java
 com.example.namazreminder.services.PrayerTimesUpdaterService
com/example/namazreminder/widgetproviders/PrayerTimesVerticalWidget.java
 com.example.namazreminder.widgetproviders.PrayerTimesVerticalWidget
com/example/namazreminder/widgetproviders/PrayerTimesBigWidget.java
 com.example.namazreminder.widgetproviders.PrayerTimesBigWidget
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/NoPlacesFoundFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.NoPlacesFoundFragment
com/example/namazreminder/adapters/viewholders/CountryViewHolder.java
 com.example.namazreminder.adapters.viewholders.CountryViewHolder
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/PrayerTimesFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.PrayerTimesFragment
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.PrayerTimesFragment$1
com/example/namazreminder/fragments/preferences/PreferencesFragment.java
 com.example.namazreminder.fragments.preferences.PreferencesFragment
com/example/namazreminder/models/Place.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.Place
com/example/namazreminder/activities/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.WelcomeActivity
com/example/namazreminder/activities/LicencesActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.LicencesActivity
com/example/namazreminder/activities/MuezzinActivity.java
 com.example.namazreminder.activities.MuezzinActivity
com/example/namazreminder/models/City.java
 com.example.namazreminder.models.City
 com.example.namazreminder.models.City$1
 com.example.namazreminder.models.City$InvalidCityJsonException
com/example/namazreminder/widgetproviders/PrayerTimesWidgetBase.java
 com.example.namazreminder.widgetproviders.PrayerTimesWidgetBase
 com.example.namazreminder.widgetproviders.PrayerTimesWidgetBase$1
