com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/fragments/ParallaxWelcomeFragment.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.fragments.ParallaxWelcomeFragment
com/stephentuso/welcome/WelcomeFailedEvent.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeFailedEvent
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeActivity.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity$1
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity$2
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity$3
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity$4
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity$5
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeActivity$WelcomeFragmentPagerAdapter
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeScreenViewWrapper.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenViewWrapper
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenViewWrapper$1
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenViewWrapper$2
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeScreenPage.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenPage
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenPage$OnChangeListener
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/SkipButton.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.SkipButton
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeScreenItemList.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenItemList
com/stephentuso/welcome/WelcomeCompletedEvent.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeCompletedEvent
com/stephentuso/welcome/util/WelcomeScreenConfiguration.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.WelcomeScreenConfiguration
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.WelcomeScreenConfiguration$1
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.WelcomeScreenConfiguration$Parameters
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.WelcomeScreenConfiguration$Theme
com/stephentuso/welcome/util/ColorHelper.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.ColorHelper
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/BackgroundColor.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.BackgroundColor
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/fragments/PreferenceWelcomeFragment.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.fragments.PreferenceWelcomeFragment
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/view/WelcomeScreenBackgroundView.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.view.WelcomeScreenBackgroundView
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/fragments/TitleFragment.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.fragments.TitleFragment
com/stephentuso/welcome/WelcomeScreenHelper.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeScreenHelper
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/PreviousButton.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.PreviousButton
com/stephentuso/welcome/WelcomeScreenBuilder.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeScreenBuilder
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeScreenBuilder$1
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeScreenBuilder$2
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeScreenBuilder$3
 com.stephentuso.welcome.WelcomeScreenBuilder$4
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeScreenPageList.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenPageList
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/view/WelcomeScreenViewPagerIndicator.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.view.WelcomeScreenViewPagerIndicator
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/NextButton.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.NextButton
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/view/SimpleViewPagerIndicator.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.view.SimpleViewPagerIndicator
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/OnWelcomeScreenPageChangeListener.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.OnWelcomeScreenPageChangeListener
com/stephentuso/welcome/util/SharedPreferencesHelper.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.SharedPreferencesHelper
com/stephentuso/welcome/util/WelcomeUtils.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.util.WelcomeUtils
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/fragments/FullScreenParallaxWelcomeFragment.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.fragments.FullScreenParallaxWelcomeFragment
com/stephentuso/welcome/BuildConfig.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.BuildConfig
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/fragments/BasicWelcomeFragment.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.fragments.BasicWelcomeFragment
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/view/ColorChangingBackgroundView.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.view.ColorChangingBackgroundView
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/DoneButton.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.DoneButton
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeScreenFinisher.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenFinisher
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeScreenHider.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenHider
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeScreenHider$OnViewHiddenListener
com/stephentuso/welcome/ui/WelcomeFragmentHolder.java
 com.stephentuso.welcome.ui.WelcomeFragmentHolder
